---
title                : "About me"
layout               : post
date_of_modification : "#date 2023-07-02 15:04 1688295852048116075 GMT"
date_of_creation     : "#date 2023-05-19 00:00 1684454400000 GMT"
---

My name is Jeremy Legros, I am French, 38 years old.

I searched a job where I can thrive, I didn't find it, so I am creating my own.

Currently I am :

- writing my library in the Python language
- specializing myself in the Python language
- writing my naming convention
- writing my programming style paradigms
- writing my own website
- writing my workshop

## 2021 - now

### My day job

- self-employed, helping people with anything computer related, this is my day job when I get calls
- still relying on the help of the government and my parents
- certainly not proud to be in this situation, constantly filled with anxiety and guilt, but I keep pushing forward to a future where I can be happy.


### Building my dream job

I don’t have a name for my dream job.

The best definition I can come with, other than “basically it's me” would be a workshop :

- where I register almost everything I do
- automate most the creation and publishing process, by creating tools and a pipeline × workflow
- publish about the publishing process

In the one goal of sponsoring my dream job of modding video-games

### The only question that mattered

I’ve been mostly unhappy most of my life, not even knowing the importance of happiness, just floating around.

I did what was expected of me as long as it didn't bother me too much, and if it eased the minds of people worried about me, it was a simple decision.

When I was helping students, I tried to support their dreams, but when I saw all of them renouncing in the end, I started asking myself : "what about me ?"

I began wanting something more in my life.

Then I thought about current "me", and about who do I know, doing their dream job, or at least of job close enough and ... I found around four of them, but it does not include my parents.

And my parents are the most precise example I have of what a life of work does to people and their kid.

#### A life of work before my eyes

I know that my parents worked around 7 hours a day, often more, and five to six days a week, bringing home more work to finish, every single day.

They talk about work at breakfast, at lunch when they just came back home for the lunch break, at dinner, between siblings ...

Their remaining time, was split between house chores, family care, rest, leisure, in that order.

#### I chose survival with happiness

The perspective of having my life defined into 8 hours of work that I wouldn't like, made my brain popped some serious questions :

- What's the point of living a life that is not mine ? A life where I live for others, has the job that others are okay with, living a stranger's life

- Is this what 'living' is about ?

- What about 'surviving' ? What's the difference ?

- Isn't this just surviving ?

- What is really 'living' ?

- Is it enough to just survive ?

- Everyone dies, what is the meaning of my life if I don't *live it* ?

In the end, there is only one question:

    surviving "happy" or surviving "unhappy" ?


## 2018 - 2021

I went back and forth in the French governmental employment system, looking a job as a software developer (not WEB).

I lowered my expectations again and again until I applied to two jobs that weren’t not about developers.


### Job reality

I searched for a developer job, stumbled on either WEB, JAVAEE (... and web), PHP rarely, Python (3 or 4 times in 3 years), all of them asking for 2+ experience years.

I am a simple person, I don't apply for jobs that I don't have qualifications for (and neither when my resume doesn't match the job description) :

 - I show my qualifications

 - I answer questions about those qualifications

 - I can prove those qualifications by taking tests

 - I was applying for a job, matching the job description

The job that matched those, was, in hindsight, a chimera.

I had to make a choice, people were worried about me, so I went to two job interviews, for jobs that were not about software development.

The two interviews were distressing experiences :

- both interviews asked me to do more than was in the job description

- in the first one, I got silly questions and my answers were met with a patronizing tone, I should have left ... this is not okay

- in the second one, I got a surprise practical test (that I failed miserably), followed by the actual oral interview, where I learned that I would need to do the technician work (a job that requires a specific exam) and not paid as an educator assistant

I was, to say the least, puzzled.

For both jobs, I was over qualified until they asked from me more things that I was under-qualified for.

The conclusion I retain from this is the same I had before, with an added third part :

    Only few humans play fair, it requires a lot a bad memories to find them, *even in governmental jobs*

N.B : In the following years the government didn't renew contracts for qualified technicians, there were protests, but in the end people without computer science were hired in their stead.

### The context of 2020 - 2022

During this period, COVID was at its peak, I still, like a lot of people, took the risk of going out, feeling the fear in my guts, applied for a job in proximity with hundreds of people each day.

## 2016 - 2018

I went back to university at the age of 31 finish my bachelor degree in computer science.

During the first year, I kept dispensing courses at a much lower frequency until my high-school students earned their baccalaureate, and closed my business some time after.

When I got my diploma I went on a software developer job hunt.

## 2016

I was self-employed, helping high school students to get back on their wheels.

## XXXX - 2016

I got a scientific baccalaureate then swam in the university system, learned a lot of things, tried of lot of things, got a 2 year diploma in computer science, and a university foreign language diploma.
